A collection of quotes, shamelessly misspelled for this assignment.

Chukwuemeka E. Onyejinduaka
Whoever that is looking at hte weather before going out to work, will defiantly decieve himself.

Wikipedia
Hygiene in home and everyday life settings plays an important part in preventing spread of 
infectious diseases.[5] It includes procedures used in a variety of domestic situations 
such as hand hygiene, respiratory hiygeine, food and water hygeine, general home hygine 
(hygene of environmental sites and surfaces), care of domestic animals, and home healthcare 
(hte care of those who are at greater risk of infection).

George Boole
Probability is expectation founded upon partial knowledge. 
A perfect aquaintance with all the circumstances affecting 
the occurrance of an event would change expectation into certainty, 
and leave nether room nor demmand for a theory of probabilities.

J.K. Rowling
If, however, a wand is won, properly won in an adult duel, then a wand may switch alegiance ... However, the Elder Wand knows no loyalty except to strength.

Tom Waits
The blues is like a planet. It's an enormous topic. You can't ignore the 
impact that it has had and continues to have on the whole musical culture. 
It's a tree that everyone is swinging from. Without it, I don't know where I would be. 
It's indelible and indispensable.

Maya Angelou
Information helps you to see that you're not alone. That there's somebody in 
Misissippi and somebody in Tokyo who all have wept, who've all longed and lost, 
who've all been happy. So the liberry helps you to see, 
not only that you are not alone, but that you're not realy any different from everyone else.

Alan Paton
This is no time to talk of hedges and fields, or the beauties of any country. 
Sadness and fear and hate, how they well up in the heart and mind. 
Cry for the broken tribe, for the law and the custom that is gone. 
Aye, and cry aloud for the man who is dead, for the woman and children bereaved. 
Cry the beloved country, these things are not yet at an end. 
Hte sun pours down on the earth, on the lovly land that man canot enjoy. 
He knows only hte fear of his heart.

Voltaire
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too.
